Feat/2172/convert local preview files (#2504)
SAP/open-ux-tools: packages/preview-middleware/README.md

> - `rootProject` - [Reader](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/stable/api/@ui5_fs_AbstractReader.html) to access resources of the root project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rootProject` - [Reader](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/stable/api/@ui5_fs_AbstractReader.html) to access the resources of the root project
```

- `middlewareUtil` - [MiddlewareUtil](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/api/@ui5_server_middleware_MiddlewareUtil.html) of the UI5 server

> - `logger` - Logger instance for use in the middleware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `logger` - Logger instance to be used in the middleware.
```

Reviewer 2: Done in f41acea6cdc7bcf341fd9c72b7a4306e0012a3b5

## [Migration](#migration)
If you have no custom modifications in the local Fiori Launchpad sandbox files (`webapp/test/flpSandbox.html` or `webapp/test/flpSandboxMockserver.html`), the conversion is finished.

> If you have custom modifications in the local Fiori Launchpad sandbox files, you need to migrate them into a custom .js or .ts file (depending on your setup) and integrate this file as custom `init` script into the configuration options of the middleware.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you have custom modifications in the local Fiori Launchpad sandbox files, you need to migrate them into a custom .js or .ts file (depending on your setup) and integrate this file as a custom `init` script into the configuration options of the middleware.
```

Reviewer 2: Done in f41acea6cdc7bcf341fd9c72b7a4306e0012a3b5

- `rootProject` - [Reader](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/stable/api/@ui5_fs_AbstractReader.html) to access resources of the root project
- `middlewareUtil` - [MiddlewareUtil](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/api/@ui5_server_middleware_MiddlewareUtil.html) of the UI5 server
- `logger` - Logger instance for use in the middleware.

## [Migration](#migration)

> In case you have no custom modifications in the local fiori launchpad sandbox files (`webapp/test/flpSandbox.html` or `webapp/test/flpSandboxMockserver.html`) you're already good to go.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you have no custom modifications in the local Fiori Launchpad sandbox files (`webapp/test/flpSandbox.html` or `webapp/test/flpSandboxMockserver.html`), the conversion is finished.
```

Reviewer 2: Done in fe3e4ffa7a57333062a7629ce48b4f040708751f

> If you have custom modifications in the local fiori launchpad sandbox files,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you have custom modifications in the local Fiori Launchpad sandbox files, you need to migrate them into a custom `.js` or `.ts` file (depending on your setup) and integrate this file as a custom `init` script into the configuration options of the middleware.
```

Reviewer 2: Done in fe3e4ffa7a57333062a7629ce48b4f040708751f

> you need to migrate them into a custom .js or .ts file (depending on your setup) and integrate this file as custom `init` script into the configuration options of the middleware.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Sample:

> from custom modification in flpSandbox.html:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
from custom modification in `flpSandbox.html`:
```

Reviewer 2: Done in fe3e4ffa7a57333062a7629ce48b4f040708751f

```HTML
<script type="text/javascript">
    sap.ui.getCore().attachInit(function () {
        console.log('my custom code');
    });
</script>
```
to custom `test/init.ts`:
```ts 
console.log('my custom code');
```
integrated via `ui5.yaml`:

> ```Yaml

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```YAML
```

Reviewer 2: Done in fe3e4ffa7a57333062a7629ce48b4f040708751f
